WORLD BEWELL TO 2014,
AS THEY RING IN THE NEW YEAR
GOOD EVENING, I'M GWEN IFILL.
JUDY WOODRUFF IS AWAY.
ALSO AHEAD THIS WEDNESDAY.
STORMY WEATHER HINDERS EFFORTS
TO RECOVER REMAINS FROM THE AIR
ASIA JETLINER THAT CRASHED OFF
THE AST COOF INDONESIA, AS
OFFICIALS SEARCH FOR MORE CLUES
ABOUT WHAT LED TO THE DISASTER.
PLUS, ROSE BOWL OPPONENTS
FLORIDA STATE AND OREGON TEAM UP
TO PUSH FOR MORE RESEARCH INTO A
RARE BLOOD DISORDER FEW
AMERICANS EVEN KNOW EXISTS.
>> WHEN WE LEARN SOMETHING ABOUT
F.A., WE LEARN SOMETHING ABOUT
WHAT CAN CAUSE CANCER, WHAT CAN
CAUSE BONE MARROW FAILURE.
SO OUR VERY, VERY BRAVE PATIENTS
AND OUR VERY, VERY BRAVE
FAMILIES ARE OFTEN OUR BEST
TEACHERS.
>> Ifill: THEN, WE CONTINUE OUR
"BREAKTHROUGH" SERIES,
WITH A LOOK AT ONE DOCTOR'S
MISSION TO CHANGE THE WAY
PHYSICIANS TREAT PATIENTS, BY
USING BIG DATA TO DETERMINE
WHAT'S MOST EFFECTIVE.
>> WHAT WE'RE TRYING TO DO IS
USE THE DATA TO REALLY DRIVE
DECISIONS IN REAL TIME SO THAT
PATIENTS' VALUE SYSTEMS CAN
REALLY BE THE BIGGEST DRIVER.
HE'S GOT THE POWER AND ASAR  FAS
I'M CONCERNED THAT'S THE WAY IT
OUGHT TO BE.
>> Ifill: AND, ONE FILM,
"BOYHOOD," TOOK 12 YEARS TO
MAKE, WHILE ANOTHER, "SELMA"
TOOK 50 YEARS TO TELL.
JEFFREY BROWN LOOKS BACK ON THE
YEAR AT THE MOVIES.
THOSERE S AOME OF THE STORIES
WE'RE COVERING ON TONIGHT'S PBS
NEWSHOUR.